Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter. I'm your host, Ricard Lops, and today I'm
joined by Rebecca Love. She's an adult film actress
who has been in the industry since 1995, and
she's also the co-founder of Adult Film Star Network,
which educates people in The adult industry and today
we're going to talk about uh sex work in
general, pornography more specifically, and I mean several different
topics related to sex work. So Rebecca, welcome to
the show. It's a pleasure to everyone.
Well, thank you for having me. W, I am
excited to talk about the sex industry, the adult
industry, whatever you wanna call it.
Yeah, I, I mean, I, I usually, I'm, I'm
still trying to figure out what's the most respectful
way
of both of them, OK, OK, yeah, yeah, it,
it's the adult industry with sex workers. You can't
have it without us. I, I guess.
So, OK, so, uh, let me, before we get
into, um, more broadly on the topic of sex
work, tell us a little bit about yourself. I
mean, you've been in the industry for the past
30 years, right? So, uh, yeah, it's been 30
years. I
know who's counting.
So, uh, how did you get into it? I
mean, what got you interested in pornography?
Well, I mean, I, I went to college for
acting. I really enjoyed that, um, but, you know,
cost money to go to college and I worked
a lot of hours at a sports bar bar
and a stripper came in one night, talked about
how much money she made, and it wasn't that
a lot of time and I go, you know
what? I'm gonna cocktail waitress. I bet they make
great money without taking their clothes off. Well, it
just snowballed from there because Cocktail waitresses make great
money, but strippers make even more. And I jumped
on the other side and I was like, OK,
I can do this. Um, I saw a feature
one night, that's where they have a headliner come
in or a porn star. Or uh Pole Olympics,
you know, somebody that has a lot of credits,
and they were featuring, they put on this whole
show and I went, hmm, I wanna do that.
So I went and I researched and I figured
it out. Um, AND I figured out the fastest
ways to make movies. Well, I wanted to be
an actress, maybe not a pornographer, but, you know,
I figured I'm one of those people that set
the bar so low I can trip over it,
but I always succeed. Because it's so low. Um,
SO I went out to LA. I booked a
couple of appointments with Playboy and Hustler, and they,
they took me, and I also bought a book
off Amazon, How to Be a Porn Star. This
is when Amazon didn't make money, they just sold
books, and there happened to be a book. And
it, it guided me in the right direction. I
got the agent, I did all the things, and
I got to be a feature, a headliner. Um,
I think the best part about the adult industry,
it's honest work. I mean, if there's a skeleton
in your closet, that's gonna be hard, cause you
are out there, you are exposed, um, but technology,
because I loved the internet and figuring things out,
and technology is like my, my hobby. Like AI
is on the thing now and just a little
bit ago I'm watching movie or coaching movies on
teaching me more about the AI stuff because I
shoot movies in the metaverse where the avatars get
naked and we put on storylines and all that.
When I say metaverse, I don't mean Facebook metaverse.
I mean, yeah, an adult metaverse, and I, I
go in there with my girlfriend and we shoot
little clips and stuff for OnlyFans. So, I like
the, when it evolves like that, cause I get
so bored fast that I'm waiting for the next
train to leave the station so I can learn
about it.
OK, so, uh, look, uh, I, I, I'm very
curious about this and uh since you've been in
the industry for so long, uh how do you
look back at how it changed over the years?
Because I guess that in the 90s, there were
still VHS tapes and then there were DVDs and
then in the 2000s or somewhere around that, perhaps
in some countries earlier. During the late 1990s, uh,
the porn basically went online and now, and now
you have platforms like OnlyFans and others where performers
can create their own content and set their own
prices and so on. So how do you look
at how the pornographic industry has changed over the
past 30 something years?
I love it. I love it. I get to
run my own shit. I get to be my
own pimp. I'm in control of my body and
my wares, and the inventory is pretty good, but
if something happens to me, I get it. I
really need my AI Rebecca 2.0 because I wanna
retire on the beach with my pina colada while
that bitch is running shit for me. But in
the 90s and the early 2000s, pornography in the
movies and Playboy, um, VCA, Wicked, Vivid, those were
good stepping stones to market your wares and build
up your rate and your value. So I used
the movies as a marketing platform for me. Because
I needed those credits to feature, but the better
the credits and more and people recognized me, the
higher the rate I could go. So more of
a demand. That's, that's why I use them, but
when the internet. Well, the internet was around in
the late 90s and I was using it. It
was 25 frames per minute, but I was using
it. Um, AND I've been webcamming for at least
25 years, uh, early 2000s. I've been webcamming and
that's changed a lot, and I still webcam. So
not only do I do the fan sites, the
webcamming, phone, cause phone doesn't go away. I know
people are like, really, people still do phone sex?
Yes, cause they're in, they're intimidated by video, but
talking to somebody on the phone, less intimidation, and
you can go anywhere with your imagination, you're not
stuck to just this, a video call. So, I
enjoy it. I just love to know what's leaving
the, you know, station next, so I can jump
on board, and I've jumped on a lot of
wrong trains, but The internet's great for me.
Uh, SO you didn't shoot with porn companies for
too long, or did you?
Um, I shot with porn companies 5 years, about
5 years, and then, I'm, I, I. I, I
got into a relationship, there was a compromise, and
didn't wanna share that part, you know, we had
a compromise and I was like, OK, I'll just
do the Skinemax films on HBO and Showtime because
there's no penetration. And that's what I did. I
did the compromise.
Yeah, but I mean, before we, you got into
pornography, were you interested in sex or was it
more for the money? I mean, what were your
motivations back then?
Well, I mean, I love sex cause I was
giving it away for free in college. I guess
that was my intern. Uh, I just thought sex
was the easy part. It's the dialogue, it's the
homework, it's the acting. Well, I love acting, so
that's the fun part. Improvisation, um, sex was just
Part of the deal, I mean, Who doesn't love
sex? And I gotta tell you, on-camera sex is
way different than in your bedroom sex. On camera,
it might not feel as good cause you're opening
up to the camera, you gotta play to that.
I'm But I still loved it, it was just
part of my job, and I'm like, I can
do that easily. It's, I always tell people, I
did porn for the acting, I know, right? It's
really stupid, but I just wanted to be an
actress so bad and to be a mainstream actress.
You had to go through a lot of auditions,
a lot of rejection, um, you had to do
it for free, you had to do all these
other things before you even got paid or was
on the map. I didn't have that choice. I
had nobody to fall back on. I was paying
for myself, let alone college and all that. So
I just did porn. It was a fast track.
Yeah, and I still got to do what I
loved.
No, yeah, I asked you that question just because
there are some people out there, I mean, many
of them conservatives, but there are also. I guess
that probably we should also call them conservatives, but
there are also sex negative feminists who assume that
no one gets into sex work because they like
it. It's just because they are in some way
coerced into it. I mean, is that really true?
I don't know because I don't live in that
world. If they think those negative thoughts, I don't
surround myself. I live in my own bubble. I
have thick skin. I get tons of trolls online
and stuff. It doesn't really hurt me. I've got
that armor and it's built up over the years.
I think I was worried in the beginning of
people finding out and all that, and they will.
You do adult work, they're finding out. Stop thinking
you can hide from it because you can't. You
need your ID, you need your, um, documentations. It
is out there. Even if you're being legit and
you're blocking geos and stuff, they're gonna find out.
So I want people to know if you're gonna
do pornography, you better have thick skin. People are
gonna find out, yes, you're family too, um, and
I wouldn't do it for the money cause there's
so much. I mean, back in the day, oh
my God, the money was crazy. In fact, 2020
was crazy too. What am I talking about? But
there's other jobs that you can do without selling
your soul to the devil. And when I say
that, I mean, you really gotta fight for You
really gotta preach how much you love this job,
because people will bring you down with the negativity
and think that you were um sexually, what's the
word I'm looking for? I've assaulted or, or,
oh, yeah, I, I, I think you're referring to
those common assumptions that people make about, uh, porn
actresses and sex workers more generally where they say
that or they assume that because they got into
that kind of work or job. That they must
have been the victims of sexual abuse or perhaps
they grew up in a fatherless home or they
were neglected in some way. I mean, those are
the kinds of narratives that you're pointing to,
right, right, OK, I might have daddy issues, but
I, you know, I have a really good dad
that I picked out. I'm a, I, I was
never sexually assaulted or any of those things. I
just don't think sex is a bad thing. In
fact, I think I was born in the wrong
era, or maybe I was born in the right
era cause I can charge fully with this positive
note, um. I feel like there's a freedom in
it, and it's my choice if I wanna do
it. It's all about consent and if you have
my consent, it's gonna be a beautiful experience. Not
all are beautiful experiences, it just means I won't
work with you again. I I don't have. I
mean, I've heard the horror stories that the casting
couch was, listen, ladies and men, there is no
fucking casting couch, and if they make you audition,
get the fuck out of there, they're not legit,
and you let everybody else know cause we'll have
your back. With Social media day, you cannot hide
behind that casting couch. Bad behavior is bad behavior.
I find it very professional, and I can run
my own business, my own body. I got it
under control.
Yeah,
and,
yeah, and the thing is, um, because, uh, and
this is a very dangerous assumption for people to
make for several reasons, and we can get into
it, I guess, but, er, when people assume that
pornography always entails non-consensual sex. I mean that that's
sexually wrong, right? I mean, por pornography is always
about consensual sex, correct? I mean, if we're talking
about non-consensual sex, it's basically, uh, rape, sex trafficking,
things like
that's probably the dark, it's probably the dark web
because with pornography you have to get tested. It
means you're STD free. You have to, um, you
have to fill out all the paperwork on camera.
You have to, um, tell them if you're under
the influence of anything. You're not gonna shoot that
day if you are. Uh, IT'S so business-oriented. I
don't know how, when I got into the business,
we were testing, we were filling out all the
paperwork. I think there's even more paperwork now, save
a tree. Uh, AND you can ask people, like
you can go on social media and say, is
this a legit company? Are they OK? You can
ask for references. You know, I, it's, I think
it's safe, as long as you do your research.
Mhm. And what do you, what would you say
are perhaps the pros and cons of sex work
that, for example, you would tell, uh, I don't
know, an 18 year old, a nineteen-year-old girl if
she told you that she was thinking about getting
into
it? No. She's a teen. It's all in the
name 1819. I think you should be a little
bit older, only and look, I got in at
19, OK, so I just When you're gonna do
this job. It's forever on your, on your record,
on your resume. You have to go against society,
cause society is gonna put you in a category,
we talked about it earlier, and if you don't
have that thick skin, oh, your mental health. I
mean, it's, it's not worth it. What I would
say is, do your research. You can do your
research at 1819, 2021, do your research. In the
meantime, Go learn a skill, go learn a trade,
go to college, get, get some um life under
your belt, go hiking in Europe, I don't give
a shit. If you wanna come back to that
sex work after a few years of doing your
research, by all means, because you made a uh
educated decision, cause if you just get into it
for the money, cause you're, let's just say desperate
for money and you want it, and it's gonna
rain, you know. You want to turn that umbrella
upside down and catch all the monies? Well, Don't
do it because of that. Don't do it because
you're in a pickle, because you might regret what
you've done, and it will affect your life. Like
I can't go be a teacher. I can't do
certain jobs cause they're gonna check my background. I'm
an HR issue. Sexual harassment issue. They're not gonna
hire me So get all your ducks in a
row before you make that, and it's life-changing. It's
life-changing.
And, and I mean, in, when we're talk, when
we're talking about sex work, it's uh, I guess,
a somewhat broad category because we're including uh pornography
and the different kinds of ways you can do
pornography, you can shoot scenes for companies, you can
do OnlyFans, you can do other platforms. It includes
being an escort, it includes being a dancer. OR
a stripper. So, I mean, I guess that uh
depending on the kind of work you're looking for
or you want to do, there are different considerations
that you should make, right?
I think sex works, sex worker, I, I've done
my research. Let's see, I did phone sex, internet,
pornography, worked at a brothel for a little bit,
um. Escorted. Let's see, what else have I done?
Uh, WELL, the internet stuff, I mean, if you
name it, I pretty, I didn't street walk, I
can tell you that. I didn't do that, but
I dipped my toe in going, oh, what's this?
Oh, what's this? And I just figured out what
works for me. But like I said, I'm a
free spirit. Like, I don't think of sex in
a negative way. I just embrace it like it's
the 1960s and I'm going to Woodstock.
By the way, let's talk a little bit more
about that because it's interesting in society. I mean,
I, I don't want to say all societies, uh,
in all, in all times because that's actually, I
don't think that's actually true, but in, in the,
the kind of societies we live in, people tend
to associate many negative things with sex. And then
there's those stakes from more conservative people where they
say that, oh, sex is just, you should only
have sex when you are in a relationship or
when you are married and you uh you you
should reproduce and so on and so forth. I
mean, in your, in your mind, where do you
think that these negative ideas that people attach to
sex come from?
I mean, it's how they're raised, you're gonna have
that, um, society, you know, your environment. Uh, YOU
just have to break free from those, and what
do you want? Do you want monogamous? Do you
want polygamy? Do you wanna be promiscuous? Do you
just want to wait for marriage? What works for
you? How are you gonna live with yourself? Do
you want all those adventures and sex, or do
you go, hmm, it's not that big of a
deal. So it just depends on the individual, as
long as you're not harming anyone. I say go
for what you want. Don't let somebody else tell
you what's right or wrong.
Yeah, uh, and so I mean, what do you
think that sex workers actually need from society and
from politicians, because it's interesting that people many times
they don't even talk, they don't care to talk
with sex workers to ask them their opinion, to
ask them. What they really need and want, how
they want to be treated and if they really
want sex work to be legalized or decriminalized or
any other form of um legal approach to it.
So, I mean, what do you think that uh
you as a sex worker and other sex workers
need from the rest of society and politicians?
I really don't think it's gonna change. I think
prostitutes are going to be, or sex workers are
going to be an outcast no matter what you
do. Um, WHAT do they need to do? They
need to make it legit, safe. I mean, in
Nevada, we have brothels that are legal. Do I
think they should take 50%? Do I think, no,
no, I think the sex workers should make the
majority of the money. And then you get a
little cutback from that if you're the establishment. I
like it where they get tested just like porn
stars and stuff. In fact, if a porn star
goes to a brothel, she's gotta get tested again
because it doesn't. Um, GO over and vice versa,
which I love, um, porn, porn stars and sex
workers that get tested like the brothels and stuff,
uh, they always have a battle back and I
go, you know what? You both are getting tested,
OK? You both are doing safe choices, so I
love that. Let's not go against each other. Let's
celebrate and unite. And I think sex workers from
all industries, there should be no level, all industries
from streetwalker all the way down to uh selling
phone sex, maybe even a Victoria's Secret model cause
she's selling sex. Come on now, we don't buy
the lingerie, you know, for comfort. So So, I
think there should be a united platform, union, healthcare,
things set up, so we have somewhere to go
instead of being blacklisted and we have to go
underground. But do I think that's gonna happen? Is
it gonna change? I'm sorry, I don't think so.
What do you reply or what would you reply
to people who are so conservative and they have
such a negative view of pornography and sex work
that they say that uh if they were to
decide, it would just be banned. I mean, do
you think that that would solve even the issues
they they supposedly care about?
No, we'll just relocate, we'll go to a different
country, we'll do something, you know, if you really
like your job, like I'm invested 30 years, I,
I will go somewhere else, but you know what,
you are not allowed to ban pornography until I
go through your search history, because that would be
a hypocrite.
Yeah, you know, it, it's funny that you say
that because actually, uh, Pornhub every year releases their,
uh, data, uh, for their statistics for that year,
and they've already done that for 2025 and there's
some funny stuff there, but one of the things
that are really interesting is that, uh, the red
states in the US are some of the highest
consumers of pornography, so.
Right. Tell me I can't. Tell me I can't,
and I'll find a way I can. That's how
it works. It's like teenagers, right? Tell me I
can't do it because I will figure it the
fuck out. I know your Playboys back in the
day. I don't think there's Playboys anymore underneath the
bed. We'll find your VHS tape, you know. So
tell me I can't, and I'll show you I
will.
Yeah. But do you think that uh sex work,
I guess that you've already at least partially answered
this question, but do you think that sex work
is for anyone in terms of the traits that
the sex worker should have to really like what
they're doing and to be successful. Stressful doing it
and to not suffer, I mean, very dire psychological
consequences from it. I mean, what, what do you
think are the traits that sex workers should have
to have a healthy, uh, take or to deal
with, uh, pornography or other kinds of sex work
in a healthy way?
Well, I think you should like sex. If you
don't like it, I don't think you should do
it because you're just gonna hate your job. I'm,
I think that you should stay creative and not
just do what you think is like the bestseller.
Do something that you enjoy and put your little
twist on it. Um, DON'T shoot constantly, take breaks,
do vacations. I'm, don't film 30 minutes. Nobody has
that attention span. Chop that sucker up into like
3 minutes here and there because come on now,
we don't even watch TikTok videos that are 10
minutes, all right? I want you to focus on
things that you really love. If you don't like
shooting customs, put a surplus on it and charge
even more, so when you do get the custom,
you're like, fuck yeah, I put a fire under
my ass, and you put your twist on it,
so you love it. Um, IF you need therapy
or mental health or need to talk to somebody,
either find a peer. And, and bond with your
friends, like build your community. Here in Nevada here
in Las Vegas, I have a very beautiful community
that we get together for Thanksgiving and holidays and
barbecues, and they're the adult industry. In fact, I
tell people, I go, this is where everybody comes
to die. This is like our Sun City here
in Las Vegas. Come on, join us. Um, FIND
that community, it can be online, it could be
in present. Therapy, find a sexual therapist or somebody
that's been in the industry, or at least advocates
for us, cause you don't want to go with
a negative Nellie that we talked about earlier. And
have them downing um everything that you do. Somebody
that's sex positive, there's pineapple support out there if
you need it, which will help, that's online and
at conventions. And you gotta have thick skin, but
who gives a shit what those people say? Do
you feel good about your job? Cause if you
don't, it's time to change. You don't, you're, you
shouldn't be in this. If you can't find what
you love about it, get the fuck out. It's
just not for you, which is not a bad
thing. You know, I guess that's what I would
say, and find tons of tools out there that'll
help you get through it a lot easier, and
then instead of doing it all on your own,
cause there's plenty of courses out there, podcasts, YouTube
videos, you name it, I even have one out
there. Besides Adult Film Star Network, I have my
creative beaver that'll keep you nice and creative, and
it goes through all my Adult content creations and
business guidance.
Yeah, uh, uh, I will ask you about the
Adult Film Star Network toward the end of our
conversation, but I mean, it's, uh, one interesting thing
that you said there and reminded me of sort
of another thing is that you said that people
should perhaps shoot shorter scenes, and that reminded me
of the fact that uh if you look at
uh porn movies from the 80s, the 90s, I
mean, it would be perhaps a 75, 80 minute.
Movie, but the scenes were like 7 minutes, 99
minutes, 10 minutes, 13 minutes. I mean, and not
beyond, beyond that, so I mean, I find it
funny that nowadays, and I guess, I guess since
the 2000s or even a bit earlier than that,
it's like sometimes 30 minutes, 40 minutes.
That blows my mind. I've never done a 30
minute scene. I mean, unless you're talking about the
dialogue and all that. I mean, it was like
you do 7 minutes of oral, uh, 7 minutes
of fuck position, 123, and then they're gonna edit
it down to like, I don't know, 15. In
the 90s
Yeah, I, I mean, but, but what do you
think about that? Why do you think, uh, I
mean, I don't know if you know why that,
why that happened, but why do you think that
over time, apparently sins became longer?
No, I think, well, I think scenes became shorter
now that, well, I don't know about the pornography,
but I know about the fan base sites because
we are constantly getting information in short form. So
I think that's why it's shorter now, especially with
the fan base. But when somebody comes on the
scene and shoots 30 minutes, I think they're just
not educated. Or maybe they're taking that 30 minute
scene and chopping it up into 10 minutes each,
which is smart. Because you can sell that 3
times instead of 1.
Yeah.
So Shorter, not longer. I know, right? I'm telling
you, shorter, not longer. It's all about the girth,
baby.
Yeah, um, yeah, maybe we can get into that
later, so I, I, I mean, but I've also
heard from, uh, some, I, I mean this is
already My 6th, I, I think it's the 6th
interview on this um humanizing sex workers series I'm
doing. So, uh, I've, I've also asked other people
because there are, uh, OK, I, I've, I've, uh,
I've talked about the feminists and of course, not
all feminists are sex negative. They're all Also sex-positive
feminists, feminists who uh defend uh uh porn actresses
and actors and who defend sex workers in general
and think that sex work is a legit activity.
So, and some of them say that sex work
can even be empowering. I mean, do you agree
with that?
I think so. I'm almost 50 and I still
get a, a charge from it, like a, oh,
I'm so pretty and I'm almost 50. I remember
when 50 was old. So, do I get empowered?
Yes, I have my spurts where I'm like, damn,
yeah, here I am, born in 1976, so I'm
actually 49, but I'll be 50 next year. By
the time you probably listen to this podcast. Uh,
WELL, eventually, I'm I, I I find it empowering
at moment, especially in the 90s when I was
dancing in my 20s. I wish I knew now
and go back to my 20s. 0 my God,
it would have been raining money all the time.
Uh, BUT I learned on the way, and you
educate yourself. So, yes, I find it empowering at
at times, and then when the negativity comes in,
you just flick it away like a mosquito, just,
you know, zap it.
But do you think that over these 30 years
that you've been in sex work, uh, have you
noticed any changes in society as to how people
approach sex workers? I mean, in terms of, for
example, the social stigma, do you think that it
has improved at all or
not? No, no, I think it's just on rinse
and repeat and it has its cycles just like
history. I, uh I think 90s, it was a
little bit more aggressive and hard. Um, YOU definitely
would have very judgy people, but do I think
it's improved? I don't, I don't, I don't think
it's improved that much. I mean, look at all
the states that are banning pornography that I can't
even broadcast from North Carolina if I was a
webcam model because they blocked it even if you
use a VPN. So do I think it's getting
better? Fuck no, I don't. I think it's rinse
and repeat. I chose to play in that playground,
and I have to deal with the consequences. I
just figure out how to get around it.
Do, do you think that, I, I mean, do
you see lots of hypocrisy coming from people? I
mean, do you see that perhaps there are many
people out there who might, for example, send DMs
to sex workers, porn stars, and so on, but
if people ask them on the street and in
their personal life, they say they are against sex
work.
Yeah, there's a lot of. There, there's so much.
I remember this one time I was on LinkedIn
when, when sex workers actually were on LinkedIn, putting
their resumes, and this guy contacted me with his
penis. I mean, it was just boom, right in
my face, and I'm like, Oh, I'm sorry, honey,
but do you realize I see where you work
everywhere, like I could really fuck up your life
right now. I wouldn't, because I'm not that that
person, but I'm like, what are you doing, baby?
Stop thinking with that head right away. So I,
I, I like to educate, especially on webcam, when
somebody approaches me aggressively or whatever, I give them
a teachable moment. So, the next time they approach
somebody in the DMs or whatever, they respect that
sex worker because honey, we don't do it for
free. We don't, we charge money. So I love
it when guys are like, oh, I'm gonna hook
up with a porn star at this convention. Do
you realize you better get out your American Express
black card? Because they, they come with paychecks, honey.
So I was a slut in college. I'm a
whore in my career cause I get paid for
it. Oh, yeah, is there, is there hip, you
know, um. Yeah, yeah, because you know their skeletons
in their closet, and I said, check their search
history, see what they're doing. They wanna tell me,
no, why they're doing, I'm just gonna go sneak
over here and diddle my Willie, you know, without
her knowing. What,
what do you make of those people who have
sort of a, a patronizing paternalistic attitude towards sex
workers where they might say, and there are people
that are even part of organizations like that where
they say they want to fight the evils of
sex worker, they want to fight, for example, sex
trafficking and so on and. They say that to,
to protect sex workers, uh, porn websites and OnlyFans
and, uh, your own accounts on social media like
X slash Twitter, Instagram, and so on should be
taken down and they, uh, they say they do
that with the intent of, of protecting you.
They take the worst scenario, hype it up, make
us look like the bad people, make us go
underground where it's unsafe, and we're not protected. When
they can embrace us and make it a better
world, shame on them, shame on them for taking
the dirties because politics, let me take the dirties
out of your closet, OK? You have more bad
on your side than I do in this, in
the adult industry. So if we had to do
the pros and cons, I bet you politics would
be a longer list on the cons.
I mean, I guess that if they're so interested
in fighting uh sex trafficking, they should be much
more invested invested in uh releasing the Epstein files,
for example.
Oh, that would be nice, wouldn't it? Wouldn't it?
Wouldn't that list be crazy. Love to see it,
it'll never happen, but I would love to see
it. Stop wasting your time with the stupidity of
cleaning up our, our world, because you know what,
we regulate our world. We came up with the
testing thing. We, we go off each other to
make sure everything's OK. Stop it. Leave our little
world alone. We run better than the government.
No, you, you know, it's, it's funny because some
of those people, uh, assume that, er, and they
usually, they're usually focusing on the women, of course,
but uh they assume that no woman out there
can consciously decide freely to be. Become a sex
worker to become a porn star, whatever I mean
that there must be something wrong in their life,
in their lives for them to make that kind
of decision and then they assume that oh if
they uh arrange a way of banning the kind
of work that they do, they will be saved.
Them and I mean they have those sort of
very irritating patronizing attitudes where uh I mean they're
dealing with adult women and they sort of uh
deal with them as if they do not have
any sort of agency and they can make their
own choices in life and so on and so
forth,
right. Right? There's nothing wrong, there's nothing wrong with
me. I just want a different way of doing
things. I, I, I did a fun, adventurous way.
I love sex, I love business, I love The
creativity, all the things that I can do, travel,
meeting new people, that, I don't know, there's a
unity there. It's warm and fuzzy, and I choose
to live here. I made that choice on my
own. Nobody told me to do it. In fact,
I did it in the 90s. 0 my God,
frowned upon. No, no, no. I chose a harder
way when it came to society and I had
to live with those choices. But I could, like
I didn't feel dirty. I felt like I was
advocating something that was beautiful. And the reason I,
I still do this is because I enjoy it.
Could you imagine doing something for 30 years you
absolutely hate? Without a 401k plan or retirement. Could
you imagine? No healthcare either. But I figured out
a way to do all those things cause I
run my own business. I'm I've done it for
30 years because I love it. I like it,
I enjoy it, and I love the people.
Yeah, uh, uh, but, but, but look, for, for
some people apparently just the fact of you openly
saying that you love sex is like mind blowing
for them, uh, because,
OK, let me rephrase this. I like sex, I
love acting, OK. I could take a penis in
the vagina, no problem. That's easy peasy. So, I
told you, I did porn for the acting, OK?
I know it's stupid. Porn pornography to me was
just um marketing. I was like, I can do
that. That's freaking OK. It's part of the requirements.
I got this.
Yeah,
you
know, uh, uh, there are several reasons why I
decided to do this or to start this series
on my channel and podcast that I call humanizing
sex workers, not, not just for uh people who
have some sort of prejudice against sex workers in
general, to, to really, uh, I mean to, to.
Be another voice in uh getting people into direct
uh or I mean in this case indirect, I
guess, but contact with sex workers for them to
know them better and to really realize that you
are human beings like any of us. So, but,
but the, the other main reason was that I
mean, it really pisses me off that people are
so patronizing and they make these kinds of assumptions
about sex workers without even ever have talked with
any of you.
Right. Why does it piss you off? Are you
a, are you a sex worker in the industry?
No, no, I got a burning fire for it.
I, I
mean, I mean, it's, it's just,
no, I love that you advocate for us, but
I was just wondering, do you know, like, Is
there a family member that does sex work? Is
there, like, I love what you're preaching.
Uh, I mean, I mean, no, I don't have
anyone, at least as far as I'm aware, uh,
doing sex work in my family, but I mean,
it's just that, uh, I've also I've also been
interested in pornography and stuff like that since I
was an adolescent and uh I Uh, and I,
and I mean it, it, it really irritates me
that, that people, uh, don't even listen to interviews,
don't even read books written by sex workers and
stuff like that, and then they just make stupid.
ASSUMPTIONS, assumptions based mostly on prejudice and on their
own moral values that they attach to sex and
stuff like that. I mean, it, it irritates me,
so.
No, I can tell you have a passion for
it. That was like, what happened? What happened? But
you, you're advocating. That you don't want your pornography
taken away, just like I love horror movies, and
if somebody said that was too violent and gore,
and we're gonna start banning that in certain states
or countries, I would be doing the same thing.
Uh, uh, NO, look at, at, I'm an atheist,
but I very much like Jesus, and I mean
Jesus was very caring towards sex workers, for example,
and Mary Magdalene.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, right.
Hey, Jesus is part of history.
Yeah. So, I, I mean, but, but what do
you think are perhaps, also because maybe I can
learn something from this, and if there are something
in my interviews that is lacking, maybe you can
tell me. I mean, what is the best way,
or what do you think are the best ways
of humanizing sex workers?
I think what you're doing right now, podcasting, getting
the videos out there, using social media. Um, INTERVIEWS
are great because you get to behind the scenes
and we get to have a real discussion about
it. I mean, that's the best way. I, I
hate talking politics only because I feel like I
feel like it's just useless trying to have them
change anything because corporations and lobbyists and stuff run
the country. Well, I'm only talking for the United
States. I don't know how it works in other
countries, but I just know there's powerful people to
keep us down. And I feel like my voice
doesn't get heard that way, but when it comes
to the social media, it's a great outlet.
Yeah. So, uh, tell us about uh the adult
Film Star Network. I mean, what is it about?
What kind of work do you do there, and
what are your goals with it?
So, Adult Film Star Network was created in 2014,
a podcast, and we teach people about the adult
industry. So if you're looking up phone sex, webcamming,
um, you name it, you can do your research
there and it will just Give you a grasp
on what you're getting into. We talk about the
conventions, uh, fetish, cause my girlfriend Jocelyn Stone is
a dominatrix. I'm a vanilla cupcake, like, the things
that she does, I'm just like, ah, I can't
play in that playground, so I feel pretty normal.
Um, BUT she gives me her perspective, I give
her my vanilla cupcake perspective, and then we mesh
together and find this beautiful butterfly that just pops
out. But Uh, we've been doing that for so
many years. We used to do it every week,
now we do it once a month, we find
a really good topic. I'm sure we have to
go back and update some of the topics cause,
you know, technology changes, things happen. Um, SO Adult
Film Star Network, that's where you would find information
about the adult industry and how to navigate it.
And then my other podcast, which I started in
2025, is My Creative Beaver. And that is about
my beaver, but it beavers build things, so I
teach you, um, tips, tricks, hacks, um, I, I
tell you how exactly I do certain things. It
could be fan base, it could be webcamming, phone,
um, taxes, and I just tell you in about
20 minutes. And I, I've been releasing that every
week for a few months now. So either one,
I'm giving back to my community and helping you
as best I can. I'm not very political, so
mine is more about creativity. Now, Jocelyn Stone, an
adult film starwork, she's all about the law and
politics and all that, and I just gloss over.
Cause I feel like I can't, I can't do
anything. All I can do is figure out a
way around it.
By the way, you say you're not very political,
but what do you think, I, I, I don't
know if you have uh, an informed opinion on
it necessarily, but what do you think about the
new age verification laws that are getting passed in
the US, the UK, and so on? Do you
think that really serves the purpose that people say
they should have?
Right? I mean, I love the concept of age
verification cause I always get nervous if I'm entertaining
somebody underage. But then I count on like the
other sites to like weed through that and make
sure they're of age. But then at the same
time, those mom and pop businesses and stuff, I
mean, you got a hard on, you got, you
know, you, you're not thinking about, let me get
my ID out and type in all this information,
especially if you wanna stay anonymous because society doesn't
fucking accept it. As soon as you put your
credit card in or your ID, well, what did
I tell you? It's gonna be there forever, and
it could come back to bite you in the
ass. So, I love the idea of making sure
they're of age, but at the same time, It's
going to diminish our and they're just gonna go
to another country. They're just gonna skip this site
and go, oh, I don't need age verification and
just do it there because the internet is around
the world, it's not just in one area, so
it's, it's,
and I, and I mean you can visit websites
from all over the world, right? So just, just
say, just saying. Just saying, and I, I mean,
I guess I'm also not very comfortable with the
idea of the government er collecting that kind of
data from,
right? Yeah. Right? OK. So, I get the age
verification thing on the idea of consent and making
sure they're of legal age, but at the same
time, I agree with you, they're, they're getting into
our business. Stop it. Stop it. Get your nose
out of there, cause you, you can't even run
a government, all right? You can't even run a
country, and now you wanna dip your toes over
here. You ain't solving any problems. You're just making
shit go underground. That's all you're doing. And before
they did this age verification thing and all that.
If I felt uncomfortable or if I thought somebody
was underage or whatever, I would just ask them
flat out, how old are you? What year were
you born? Send your ID. It could be by
email, whatever, it depends on what I was doing.
So I was already doing it myself in certain
situations when I felt, hm, this is a little
off. Let me just double check. So,
I mean, uh let me ask you uh now
to get into a sort of another topic. Do
you think that uh pornography and sex work more
generally, but specifically pornography can play a role in
sex education at all, or do you think that
should be left for uh sex education at school
or some other uh mediums?
Yeah, school's great at teaching. Um. Uh, Especially nowadays,
right? I'm Gosh, should pornography teach sex education? God,
I feel like pornography is glamorized, cause I do
want a pile driver in my bedroom, OK? I,
I feel like, uh, I feel like it should
be left to sex educators, but nowadays you can
do everything online. Should a, should a A child
and a teenager know this, yes, go out there,
find the right course or coach. Forget the schools
because schools are fucked up. I mean, they're not
even teachers don't get paid enough. There's not enough
money and, you know, find a course that everybody's
using. And make sure it's got great reviews, legit
reviews, and have your child watch that because it'd
be awkward as a parent, because think about it.
Oh God, mom and dad are teaching me, yeah.
But you can go secluded into your bedroom and
make sure that they watch this video or download
the course and teach them online that way in
the privacy of your own home. You can even
regulate it, leave the door open and make sure
they're watching it. Education is your best. Is your,
is your best ammunition. It will educate you, it'll
make you stay safe, you'll use the condoms, you'll
get tested, you know. You'll figure it out a
lot easier with the education than hiding it away
from your child, cause they're gonna find out. Look
how we found out. Oh, we know where things
go.
So I asked you earlier about the empowerment. I
mean, do, do you think that, uh, sex worker
can also contribute to uh people caring more about
the female sexual pleasure in any way?
They don't
Uh, I don't think, I don't think that many
people out there care about that.
Yeah, after 40, now I'm I know it's about
ejaculation, mostly on pornography, but that's only because who's
buying the porn? Who's our customers? I'm gonna say
90% are men, yeah, fuck that, 99% are men.
That's what you're catering for your market.
Well, but you know, but you know what, maybe
that's more of a cultural issue than people tend
to think about because in the earliest data coming
from Pornhub from 2025, 3rd right now. At least
in the US if I remember correctly, I'm not
sure about other countries or if, if, uh, or
if it's the average across countries, but there are
38%, uh, 38% of watchers are women. No, yeah,
we watch gay porn, just to let you guys
know that's what we watch cause that's what I'm
pulling up on my browser. I don't know. There's
one about two men I freaking love.
I, I mean, I mean, is it really? Because
the category that has been the most searched, at
least in the US this year was lesbian, so
lesbian? I, I'm gonna say lesbian scenes are freaking
hot. I used to be a lesbian lover back
in the 90s, early 2000s, and then I kind
of evolved into the whole, oh, I like, I
like dick on dick, let's do that. So, and
I, and I love cartoon porn too, and monsters.
Um, I think it just changes in time, you
know, but I feel like I catered to the,
the customer and whoever my customer is, which is
male-based, is what I'm gonna focus on, but there's
plenty of educational videos cause I have people come
on webcam to teach them how to eat pussy.
And I explained it to them behind a paid
wall, how to eat pussy. So, I think there's
women, men looking up how to please their partner,
but I feel like that's been around for ages,
like you could buy a book and it would
teach you too.
But, but it's quite interesting. I mean, I asked
you about if pornography can play a role in
sex education, so I guess that's, uh, also somewhat
of an answer to it, but it's I find
it interesting that people would pay for you to
teach. Them how to perform oral sex on women,
but they are not willing to admit openly that
they're interested in that because there's still that sort
of idea that it's not very manly to do
that.
What to eat pussy? Yeah. Who doesn't eat pussy?
I wouldn't even like. I wouldn't even talk. That
should be the first question on a date, right?
You're sipping your coffee, like, OK, so do you
eat pussy? Cause I saw a dick. I mean,
who doesn't eat pussy? And if you're listening to
this and don't eat pussy, shame on you. Now
go download a course on how to eat pussy.
Uh, DOESN'T do that? I,
I, I mean, I mean, but you're aware of
the fact that, uh, in the US and, and
other countries, of course, but in the US particularly,
I mean, I've watched, uh, no,
you're blowing my mind right now. I do not.
No, but wait a minute. Wait a minute. For,
for, for, for a long time, I'm not sure
about now in the 20 twenties, but for a
long time in the US, oral sex and, uh,
I mean, in both directions, not just oral sex
on women, uh, was frowned upon and it was
called sodomy, so
it
was,
yeah. I wasn't born in that era, no, because
what did I tell you about living in my
freaking peaceful bubble of glitters and rainbows, OK, no,
I mean, if it was frowned upon, I wasn't
part of that generation, so I was part of
the generation of slut shaming, sure, where if you
slept with too many guys, you're a slut, but
if a guy slept with so many girls, he's
a stud.
Uh, I guess that, I guess that's still part
of our culture,
yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't live there. I, I,
I guess I, I separate myself. This is why
I probably can do adult, uh, adult pornography and
all that stuff, because I don't live there. I,
I can't wrap my brain around it. If you
believe that in all the ignorance, then you go,
buddy, I'm just not gonna live there.
I, I mean, I guess that's the reason why
I'm probably uh very irritated when talking about these
things, because I am constantly exposed to this kind
of BS, so,
you know. But I think you like the debate.
I think you enjoy the debate. Like you come
across that negative person and you want to give
them all these beautiful facts.
Uh, YEAH,
yeah, come on, you know it. I think if
somebody came to me as a negative person, I
would listen. And I would take that information in,
and I would try to politely say in my
own stories. And make it more relatable, so they
can have a different perspective. But I, I don't
know what that question would be or how it
would come about, but I would try to put
it in more On civilian terms. Civilian term.
What does that mean? I mean, give us an
example of those civilian
terms. I wouldn't give him the porn star version.
I, I would have to have the right question,
like if they said, let's see, um. Pornography is
um evil or
exploitative,
exploited, thank you, exploited. That's a, that's a good
one. And, and they went on this whole thing
to me, I would just tell them, did you
watch Die Hard? Or, um, let's see, did you
watch Friday the 13th, or maybe a horror movie,
something violent or a game? And do you play
those? Do you watch those? Those are pretty violent.
Do you do those in your everyday life? No.
But, you know, we enjoy that. Why can't we
enjoy sex? It's a beautiful thing. Especially when it's
consenting adults. It's consenting on those movies and horror
games or uh video games. Video games are more
violent. They're a lot more explicit exploitation, those girls
are boom, beautiful, and those men are very well
endowed. Um, EXPLOITATION. Not my favorite word, but if
they think that, then just give them a positive
spin on it, because a lot of things are
exploited. Doesn't have to be just sex.
Yeah, you know what, it's interesting that some of
those people, as we've already mentioned before in our
conversation, some of those people who say they care
so much about protecting women, protecting sex workers, but
then at the same time they are the first
ones to condemn. THEM and abuse them and call
them names and call them slut and whore and
this and that and, and accusing them of sexualizing
society and uh promoting tackiness and degeneracy and I
mean come on really.
I can't change their minds on how they grew
up or what they think. All I can do
is embrace what I'm doing now. I, I, that's
all I, women are beautiful creatures. Let's celebrate. Can
women be um Clickish and catty and and say
negative things about each other, or men slut shaming
us, sure, but you don't have to be part
of that, just remove them from your situation or
your world. You're not gonna change their minds. It
might take somebody in their family, somebody close to
them, or even themselves, doing a sex worker job
to finally get it.
Yeah, I, I guess so, but I mean, I,
I think that also one of the reasons why
sex work bothers so many people so much is
that at the end of the day, even though
many of them wouldn't admit it openly or wouldn't
say that openly, at the end of the day
what they really want and what really bothers them
is that they want to have control over over
women's sexuality. So,
so you wanna be my pimp? You want control
over my body? You want to tell me how
I can sell myself?
No, because, you know, you should only have sex,
uh, within marriage, and you should only have sex
for, you should, you should only have procreative sex.
You can't
just have sex you can for fun. So what
if you're married and you can't have kids? It
means you can't have sex.
Yeah, there are some women out there who are
infertile, right?
So, right, so that means you can't have sex.
Because your body can't reproduce.
I don't know. You, you should ask.
No, I'm just saying, you're saying you get married,
you have sex to have babies, and what if
your body can't do that. So now you're not
allowed to have sex.
I, I guess you're less of a woman in
their minds, so
isn't that pretty? Yeah, I don't, I don't think
about, I don't think about those things. God, if
I lived in that world, I would hate myself,
my job, I mean, it would have a reversed,
it would be a reverse effect on my mentality.
No, no. And what about the people that can't,
what about the people that are um paraplegic, or
are socially awkward, or um are in a facility
where they, they can't do certain things outside the
facility, and I don't mean prison, I mean, Hospitals
and certain things, they have to, they can't have
sex, they can't have something that most of us
think or we take for granted. That's not fair.
Why, why can't they have sex?
Uh, I mean, I guess that they should only
have, have access to their own imagination or something.
That's not fair though. That's not fair. Everybody should
of legal consent, consensual sex. Should have the ability,
that's why I believe in professionals. Let the pros
handle it, they know exactly how to please a
person.
I, I mean, even though there are probably at
least some religious people out there who even, who
would even condemn the thoughts, because, I mean, if
you're thinking about sex, they say that you have
lascivious thoughts or libidinous thoughts, or, you know.
I don't, I'm not religious. I only see religion
on TV and all that. I try not to
immerse myself because organized religion is very corrupt like
politics, and I don't like living in those worlds.
So, but I enjoy good history points in the
debate and all that, especially on TikTok and Instagram,
uh, but I, I. I'm not a religious person.
I'm not gonna live there. I might live on
a commune though, cause I do like everybody uniting
and helping each other and all that, and um
I could see myself joining a cult one day,
but
But just don't join a Jim Jones or right,
right, but look, that was a man, that was
on my, not that there's anything against men, because
women can do it too, but uh, yeah, no,
I, I just religion becomes very negative when you
get too many people involved, and then it just,
it's just politics, you just don't have to pay
taxes.
Uh, I mean, that's why I'm always telling people,
even religious people, that I'm an atheist, but I
follow Jesus, and they should follow Jesus as well,
because Jesus did not condemn uh sex work.
I always say, what would Jesus do? WWJD I
always, or what would Judge Judy do because one
of those fall into place.
Oh, OK, so look, let, let me just ask
you one last question then. And, and again addressing,
uh, what we've already talked about when there are
people out there like people associated with organizations that
want to take down porn sites and want to
ban pornography. And sex negative feminists that say, oh,
we should save those poor female sex workers because
they're all being exploited and objectified and this and
that. I mean, as a sex worker, what would
you tell them? What would you like them to
know? I mean, do you need any saving or
do I look like I need saving? No, I
don't need saving. I'm, what would I tell them?
Unless you walked 1 mile in my shoes, you
have no idea where I'm coming from. Yeah, so
I would say educate yourself, listen to us, not
just the, the negative, because there's plenty of negative
out there that people had a bad experience, yeah,
or they had a bad experience and they found
Jesus and, you know. All that, well, listen to
the ones that have had good ones and turned
it into a career because I didn't think this
was gonna be a, a, a career, but I
found the business in it and I was like
this is great, let me run with this. So
I need you to look at both aspects. I
don't need saving, but some people do. So point
them in the right direction so they can get
the help that they need.
Great. So, where can people find you on the
internet and tell us about your podcasts a little
bit more and where and where people can find
them as well.
I'm gonna make it super simple for you guys.
It's just my name. I've had it for 30
years, Rebecca Love 1B2 C's.com. Rebeccalove.com, it has all
my shit, from the podcast to OnlyFans, to webcamming.
That's all you need to know is my name.
Say my name, say my name. That's it.
Awesome. So, Rebecca, uh, thank you so much for
coming on the show. It's been really fun to
talk with you.
Well, thank you, Ricardo. I enjoyed my time with
you and it went by so fucking fast.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights, Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at lights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Mulleran, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolf, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegerru Inai Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andre, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoro, and
Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labrarith, John Yardston, and Samuel
Cerri, Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezara Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis, Nicole Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alec Baka Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov,
Zal Adrian Yei Poltontin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward
Hall, Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel P
Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffyani Smith,
and Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno,
Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophannus, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David
Williams, Dio Costa, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw,
Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee
Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert
Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark
Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson,
Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael
Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van
Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi,
Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov,
Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special
thanks to my producers Ia Webb, Jim Frank Lucas
Stinnik, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas
Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlo Montenegro, Al
Nick Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my executive
producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie.
Thank you for all.